# Cryptocurrencies
An analysis, using unsupervised machine learning was performed to determine if there was any patterns within a cryptocurrency database. The features of the database were as follows: total circulated coins, total coins supplied, the algorithmn used, the proof type, and the coin name. The data was filtered by removing any null rows, removing coins that weren't trading or had zero coins supplied/mined. Additionally, the non-numeric data was manipulated into a numeric form by using the get_dummies function within pandas which allowed for the string columns to be utilized within our machine leraning algorithmn. The number of features were reduced down to three by using the principle component analysis, however after looking at the variance ratios, it was shown that the accuracy of eliminating the other variables wasn't justified, but for the remainder of the analysis, we were to assume it was. Once the features were reduced down to three, an unsupervised clustering algorithmn was used with a cluster count of 4 (obtained from an elbow curve). Finally, various visual figures and depictions were created and can be found within the jupyter notebook in this depository named "Challenge 18". As shown in the 3D scatter plot, there seems to be some outliers, but the majority of the data fallswithin one area of the chart. 

Further reccomendation(s): 

- Instead of including all of the algorithmns utilized, select the top 5, or top 10 algorithmns and proceed with the analysis from there. This would increase the variance ratios of the three PCA components, and result in a more descriptive result. 
